2 cups panko bread crumbs*
3 eggs
3 eggs
Lime wedges, for garnish
2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
Cut the fish into 1-inch wide strips.
To make the tacos: Heat a dry cast iron skillet over medium heat.
Garlic Cheese Bread Sticks Recipe | Ree Drummond | Food Network
Set an oven rack on the bottom position and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 pound lump crab, meat picked over
Pinch black pepper
In a medium bowl mix together the egg, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, crab boil seasoning, and hot sauce.
In a medium bowl mix together the egg, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, crab boil seasoning, and hot sauce.
Put the remaining bread crumbs in a shallow dish.
Shape each mound into a round and coat in bread crumbs.
Chocolate Angel Food Cake with Strawberries Recipe | Trisha Yearwood | Food Network
2 tablespoons sugar
Sprinkle the cream of tartar over the egg whites and continue to beat until they hold a soft peak.
Add the vanilla extract and gradually beat in the remaining 3/4 cup sugar, about 2 tablespoons at a time.
Let cool for 1 hour, then loosen the cake from the sides and center of the pan with a knife before unmolding.
Ingredients
1/4 cup canola oil
1/4 cup canola oil
Transfer to a serving tray and serve hot.
4 6-ounce tilapia fillets
2 tablespoons cream cheese
Reserve the flour mixture.
Wipe out the skillet.
Season with salt and pepper.
Season with salt and pepper.
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk
Beat the egg yolks with 3/4 cup of the sugar on high speed until the yolks are pale yellow.
Beat the egg yolks with 3/4 cup of the sugar on high speed until the yolks are pale yellow.
Spoon into the prepared pan and spread to even out the surface.
For the icing: Whip the cream with the sugar.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until shallots and garlic are very soft, 15–20 minutes.
Bake on middle rack, uncovered, until cream thickens, 30–40 minutes.
Top with more thyme.
Cover and chill.
This will take about a minute.
Combine the cashews and veggie broth in a high-speed blender and blend until the mixture is completely smooth.
Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for a couple minutes to let the sauce thicken, stirring frequently.
Add the last layer of noodles and cover it with the remaining marinara sauce.
Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.
Toss with 2 wooden spoons until the kale wilts but is still bright green, about 2 minutes.
Break each egg into a separate tea cup.
Spoon 1 tablespoon of hummus on each tortilla and spread to cover, leaving a 1-inch border.
4 cloves garlic, crushed
Toast split bread under broiler.
Remove bread when it is toasted golden brown in color.
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper
Directions
Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook until the vegetables are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 medium carrots, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices
2 quarts chicken stock, recipe follows
2 carrots, cut in large chunks
3 celery stalks, cut in large chunks
2 large white onions, quartered
Pour in the chicken stock and bring the liquid to a boil.
Lower the heat to medium-low and gently simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, partially covered, until the chicken is done.
Carefully remove the chicken to a cutting board.
6 eggs
¾ cup milk
Directions
Pour batter into tube or bundt pan.
Gently heat the oil in a saucepan and fry the paneer until it’s golden brown on all sides.
Bring to a simmer and toss in the broccoli and fried paneer.
Family meals: Easy beef stew with sweet potato topping
This Indian spice pot flavoured with korma paste is mild enough for kids- the sweet potato stretches it a little further
Bean & sausage hotpot
Creamy ham, leek & mushroom spaghetti
The sausage meat adds great flavour to a simple dish
Use panko breadcrumbs if you can, as they're larger and crisper
Homemade chicken Kievs don't have to mean hours in the kitchen.
Cauliflower cheese
Pitta pizzas
Fast and flavoursome, this creamy chicken curry is ready in under 20 minutes
Fast and flavoursome, this creamy chicken curry is ready in under 20 minutes
Potato, pea & egg curry rotis
Vegetarian fajitas
Gnocchi & tomato bake
Sausage, sweet potato & sweetcorn bake
Sausage, sweet potato & sweetcorn bake
Satay sweet potato curry
Serve it with rice or in jacket potatoes for a filling supper
This healthy, vegan pasta dish is ready in under 20 minutes.
This healthy, vegan pasta dish is ready in under 20 minutes.
This easy recipe is perfect for afternoon tea, or a coffee morning
This vegan salad makes a healthy and filling meal, providing 4 of your 5-a-day.
Try a vegan version of meatballs, made with mushrooms, oats and black beans and topped with a delicious tomato sauce.
Top with broken vegan biscuits for a cookies & cream fudge, or dip chunks of fudge in vegan dark chocolate
Cook our healthy, vegan stir-fry to pack in four of your 5-a-day.
Vegan flapjacks
Use jackfruit to make this clever vegan 'pulled' meat substitute, perfect for stuffing into bread rolls and enjoying with all the barbecue trimmings
A really easy low-fat, low-calorie aubergine recipe with delicious umami flavours.
Top with a sprig of dill and a vegetable crisp to impress
