Nonstick cooking spray, for the cake pans
Two 16-ounce boxes white cake mix (plus required ingredients)
4 sticks (1 pound) unsalted butter, at room temperature
Add 1 1/2 cups of the confectioners' sugar and stir to make a stiff mixture.
Starting about 3 inches up from the bottom of the stick, roll the strand around it, starting with the thickest part first, into a tapered horn.
Roll out the remaining plain marshmallow mixture to a thickness of a little less than 1/4 inch.
Prepare the cake mixes according to the package directions.
(If you don't have 4 pans, make 1 box of cake mix at a time and use half of the sprinkles in each).
Frost the top of one cake layer with about 1/2 cup frosting.
Set the cake on a cake stand and spread all but 1/2 cup of the remaining frosting on the cake in a smooth layer.
Pull the cotton candy apart to make it fluffy and stick on the top and sides of the cake as a mane.
1 x 15 oz can cut wax beans
1 x 15 oz can cut wax beans
½ teaspoon dry mustard
1 clove garlic, minced
Gently place up to 12 eggs into the basket or on top of the trivet, taking care not to crack the eggs as you add them.
Select the Manual setting and set the cooking time for 5 minutes at high pressure.
Select the Manual setting and set the cooking time for 2 minutes at high pressure.
Ingredients
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 cup whole milk
Directions
Cook the fish 5 to 6 minutes then uncover and gently break up the haddock into chunks.
Stir to combine, then add the milk, cream and butter.
Add tomato paste and cook, stirring often, until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes.
When sauce is almost done, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente; drain pasta.
1/2 small bunch fresh parsley
1/4 cup toasted pine nuts
4 pieces pita (whole wheat or regular), cut into quarters
Arrange the pita quarters on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Pitas should be browned and crispy.
Cut kernels from cobs and transfer to a medium bowl.
Brush both sides with 1 Tbsp. oil; season with 1/4 tsp.
Arrange in a single layer, then roast in upper third of oven until green beans begin to blister, about 15 minutes.
Arrange in a single layer, then roast in upper third of oven until green beans begin to blister, about 15 minutes.
Whisk garlic, lemon zest, 1/3 cup parsley, and remaining 6 Tbsp. oil, 1 1/4 tsp.
Add panko and Parmesan to first bowl and mix with your hands.
Divide cauliflower, green beans, white beans, and tomatoes among plates.
Add the minced garlic and red-pepper flakes.
Add wine, raise heat to medium-high, and cook until cooking liquid is reduced by half, 5 to 7 minutes.
When ready to serve, heat the pot to medium and add clams, cover, and cook for 3 minutes.
Serves: 4
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
Reserve oil in skillet.
Cover and cook until cauliflower begins to soften, about 4 minutes.
Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid.
⅓ cup sugar
Fold in whipped topping, blending well.
Fish Tacos Recipe | Aida Mollenkamp | Food Network
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
Set aside to marinate about 10 to 15 minutes.
Repeat to make 6 tacos total.
1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
Kosher salt
Add the flour mixture and milk to the butter mixture in alternating batches, beginning and ending with the flour.
Serve the loaf warm or at room temperature.
Ingredients
1 cup sour cream
1/4 cup whole milk
1/2 pound ground veal or turkey
Add the sour cream, bread crumbs, egg, milk, parsley, mustard, salt, thyme, and pepper and stir until combined.
Add the sour cream, bread crumbs, egg, milk, parsley, mustard, salt, thyme, and pepper and stir until combined.
Add the sour cream, bread crumbs, egg, milk, parsley, mustard, salt, thyme, and pepper and stir until combined.
Divide the remaining glaze over the tops of the loaves.
The meat loaves can be prepared in advance and kept frozen until just before baking.
Add miso, tomato paste, and 3/4 tsp. salt to pan and cook, stirring, until tomato paste begins to caramelize, about 1 minute.
Add miso, tomato paste, and 3/4 tsp. salt to pan and cook, stirring, until tomato paste begins to caramelize, about 1 minute.
Taste and add salt and milk, if needed.
Red Velvet Cake Recipe | Food Network
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
1/2 cup margarine
Beat sugar and eggs together in a large bowl.
For the cream cheese frosting: This is the "official" cream cheese frosting recipe but we always use about 1 1/2 recipes on each cake to cover it well.
Spread between layers and on top and sides of cake.
1 pound dried black-eyed peas (about 2½ cups)
2 large diced carrots
2 ribs diced celery
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Place over high heat and bring to a boil; boil for 1 minute.
Add the vegetables to the Dutch oven along with the chicken broth, ham hock, crumbled bacon, rice and 4 cups water.
Chop the meat into small pieces and return it to the Dutch oven.
2 eggs
1 tablespoon salt
Place in a loaf pan and bake for 1 1/2 hours.
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro
1/4 cup room temperature water
1/8 teaspoon ground white pepper
1 tablespoon crisp chardonnay (if you have to cook with it, make it something that you will enjoy finishing your meal!)
Let all the ingredients sit and marinate for at least 30 minutes.
For the corn tortillas: Place the corn flour in a mixing bowl.
Remove the dough and place directly onto a skillet that has been lightly oiled and heated to 350 degrees F. When you notice the dough just beginning to show stress cracks, about 3 minutes, flip it and cook an additional 5 minutes.
Remove the dough and place directly onto a skillet that has been lightly oiled and heated to 350 degrees F. When you notice the dough just beginning to show stress cracks, about 3 minutes, flip it and cook an additional 5 minutes.
Add the fish to the pan and saute for 1 minute.
Reheat the tortillas if necessary, remove from the heat and add some lettuce, cooked fish, cilantro lime sauce and pico de "guyo".
1 jalapeno, sliced
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Lime wedges, for serving
Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving
