John Stein, Samanvitha Pradhan, Ashay Sawant
CSCI-B565, FA17
Progress/Milestones for Final Project



......COMPLETED SO FAR......

1. jodstein - Obtained answers for Datamining (Section 2.0) with the exception of the last subsection (i.e. Top 10 Algorithms and new problems in DM).

2. jodstein - Created github and made everyone in the group a collaborator

3. jodstein - Created automated scripts to reformat the iceberg train.json and test.json files and load them into a MySQL database.

4. Analysis:
    4.a. jodstein - Created a fairly comprehensive data analysis script (analyze.r) which allows new features to be created from the data, and automatically plots histograms of the existing and new features for visual analysis.  
    4.b. jodstein - Implemented a convolution matrix function to perform some basic image processing on images, including kernels for smoothing, sharpening, edge detection, and gradients.
    4.c. jodstein - Automatically plots a random selection of the images, including raw b1 and b2, b1+b2, b1-b2, and several processed images using the convolution function.

5. Datamining:
    5.a. jodstein - Created a working script (ice.r) which builds a logistic regression model from chosen old/new features and performs V-Fold cross-validation on that model against the training data.
    5.b. jodstein - Script also builds a final model using the entire training set, and applies that model to the test data, writing the predictions to a csv file for submission.
    5.c. jodstein - Have uploaded an initial set of predictions to kaggle and received a score of 0.4040 on the test data.

6. jodstein - Created a library of functions and global variables that are used by both the analyze.r and ice.r scripts.


......STILL TO BE DONE......

7. Perform additional domain research to try and discover additional useful features and incorporate additional features into model. (TBC 12/5/17)

8. Possibly explore additional modeling approaches, to include K-Means Clustering, SVM, and Neural Nets. (TBC 12/8/17)

9. Start capturing all the research, analysis, implementation, and results into the latex report. (TBC 12/15/17)





